Revert wrong update to google_travel_time free requests (#44496)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/google_travel_time.markdown

You need to register for an API key by following the instructions [here](https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/routes/get-api-key-v2). You only need to turn on the Routes API.

> Google requires billing to be enabled (and a valid credit card loaded) to access Google Maps APIs. The Routes API currently provides 5,000 free requests per month that take the current traffic into account. The sensor will update the travel time every 10 minutes, making approximately 144 calls per day. Note that at this rate, using more than 1 sensor will exceed the free credit limit. As the update frequency cannot be decreased, if you require more frequent data updates, consider triggering on-demand updates (see the automation example below).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Google requires billing to be enabled (and a valid credit card loaded) to access Google Maps APIs. The integration consumes the Compute Routes Pro API providing 5,000 free requests per month. The sensor will update the travel time every 10 minutes, making approximately 144 calls per day. Note that at this rate, using more than 1 sensor will exceed the free credit limit. As the update frequency cannot be decreased, if you require more frequent data updates, consider triggering on-demand updates (see the automation example below).
```
